README.md, before:

# ![logo](app/rdb/src-tauri/icons/32x32.png) botw-recipe

![Build Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/check-runs/Pistonite/botw-recipe/main)
![License Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Pistonite/botw-recipe)
![Issue Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Pistonite/botw-recipe)
![Downloads Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Pistonite/botw-recipe/total)
![Recipe Badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pistonite/botw-recipe/main/dump/emulate/badge.json)

The fast, accurate and complete Breath of the Wild Recipe Database for Weapon Modifier Corruption (WMC).

Previous tools for searching WMC recipes use brute-force method to iterate through all possible combinations and check if each recipe match the modifiers. This project pre-computes ALL possible recipes using the fastest BOTW cooking simulator and stores them in a compact, binary format for extremely fast search

Please see the [releases](https://github.com/Pistonite/botw-recipe/releases) for pre-built downloads for common systems. See below for build instructions

## Language Support
I am planning to support the languages supported by the game. 
If you would like to contribute, please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](app/rdb/src/i18n/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Troubleshooting
If you are having issue on Arch Linux + Nvidia Driver, you may need to set the variable `__NV_PRIME_RENDER_OFFLOAD=1` to run the app.

## FAQ

#### Q: Monster Extract is missing
Monster Extract randomizes the HP value, which makes it not that useful for WMC, especially for speedruns (which is the primary use of this tool).
It might be added in the future.

#### Q: Key items other than Sheikah Slate are missing
Other key items such as Korok Seeds have parameters exactly like Sheikah Slate. Whenever you see Sheikah Slate in the result, you can replace it with the key item you want.

## Build
You need:
- Python
  - Install pip packages: `pip install tqdm`
- Rust toolchain and compilers for your platform
- Node.js
- [Task](https://taskfile.dev/#/installation) (Optional)

Install dependencies
```
task rdb:install
```
Generating the database (takes several minutes)
```
task dump:dump -- -C
```
At this point, you can run the app using development mode
```
task rdb:dev -- --release
```

Without `task`, the commands are
```
cd dump/emulate
cargo run --release --bin rdump -- -C
cd ../../app/rdb
npm install
npx tauri dev --release --features devtools
```

To build the standalone binary (Output is in `/target/release`)
```
task rdb:build
```

Commit message:

Bump deps and use pure/pref (#26)
* bump all dependencies

* bump deps and use new pref system from pure

* prettier

* fix tsc command

* switch to vitest

* fix generate source newline

* add readme

README.md, after:

# ![logo](app/rdb/src-tauri/icons/32x32.png) botw-recipe

![Build Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/check-runs/Pistonite/botw-recipe/main)
![License Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Pistonite/botw-recipe)
![Issue Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Pistonite/botw-recipe)
![Downloads Badge](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/Pistonite/botw-recipe/total)
![Recipe Badge](https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pistonite/botw-recipe/main/dump/emulate/badge.json)

The fast, accurate and complete Breath of the Wild Recipe Database for Weapon Modifier Corruption (WMC).

Previous tools for searching WMC recipes use brute-force method to iterate through all possible combinations and check if each recipe match the modifiers. This project pre-computes ALL possible recipes using the fastest BOTW cooking simulator and stores them in a compact, binary format for extremely fast search

Please see the [releases](https://github.com/Pistonite/botw-recipe/releases) for pre-built downloads for common systems. See below for build instructions

## Language Support
I am planning to support the languages supported by the game. 
If you would like to contribute, please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](app/rdb/src/i18n/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Troubleshooting
If you are having issue on Arch Linux + Nvidia Driver, you may need to set the variable `__NV_PRIME_RENDER_OFFLOAD=1` to run the app.

## FAQ

#### Q: Monster Extract is missing
Monster Extract randomizes the HP value, which makes it not that useful for WMC, especially for speedruns (which is the primary use of this tool).
It might be added in the future.

#### Q: Key items other than Sheikah Slate are missing
Other key items such as Korok Seeds have parameters exactly like Sheikah Slate. Whenever you see Sheikah Slate in the result, you can replace it with the key item you want.

## Build from Source
To build the app from source:
- Python (only for running research scripts)
  - Install pip packages: `pip install tqdm`
- Rust toolchain and compilers for your platform
- Node v20 and Deno v2
- [Task](https://taskfile.dev/#/installation)

Install dependencies
```
task rdb:install
```
Generating the database (takes several minutes)
```
task dump:dump -- -C
```
At this point, you can run the app using development mode
```
task rdb:dev -- --release
```

To build the standalone binary (Output is in `/target/release`)
```
task rdb:build
```
